chore: Add public clouds reference (#196)
canonical/charmed-5g: docs/reference/public_clouds.md

# Public Clouds

> It is not possible to deploy SD-Core on AWS, Microsoft Azure or GCP using their self-managed Kubernetes services. None of them support SCTP on load balancers, which prevent us from getting all the services up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not possible to deploy SD-Core on AWS, Microsoft Azure or GCP using their managed Kubernetes services. None of them support the SCTP protocol on load balancers, which prevents the UPF from communicating with the AMF.
```
